m
and
hi how are you I have a question
important that I have something thoughtful
you know if the angels protect us today
day what do you think what a good question
course and since I have the bible
with me I 'll answer your question
if you want please you can look at that
says the bible in Hebrews 114 says no
they are all spirits for service
public sent to serve the favor of
those who will inherit salvation as
you can notice there is clarified first what
kind of beings are they say they are
spirits and residing of course in
the spiritual heavens hey but I have
another question because it says there are
spirits for public service to you
what is happening is that the
angels are not quiet but everything
time are always working with
something related to an important end
let's see it in genesis 19 15 and 16 the frame
of circumstances is that God had as
purpose to finish
to a city for its evil however
Jehovah would never allow the good
die with the bad so that in that
moment to see that there was a family
good in that city decided to act
to save them and that's why we do not have what
what are the verses you are going to read
nevertheless when the dawn rose
then the angels went to
reward lot by saying get up take your
wife and your two daughters who are
here you and your wife's human and the
hands of his two daughters and proceeded to
remove it and place it outside the city
you managed to see that they did the
angels of jehovah if there is said that
they went down and they looked for lot and that with their
family encouraged them to leave the
city because God was going to destroy her like this
that's why in this case what was the
public service they did as notes
do God's will and support his
purpose in this case saving this
family
I want to show you another example so that
you see that angels always have that
purpose
let's see please kill 28 5 and 7 and
then lucas 22 43 in the first case what
what are we going to see is how an angel came
an important message after the
death of jesus read it please but the
angel taking the word said to the
women do not fear because I know they are looking for
Jesus that was fixed on a tree and
go quickly and tell your disciples
that he has been raised from among
dead and look forward to you
galilea there they were, look , I saw it
said that message gave in this case this
angel who gave a message confirming that
Jesus had been killed and in addition they
He told these women that they should go to
where the disciples and communicate the
resurrection of jesus
very well note the purpose with which
this angel did this work supporting the
purpose of God in this case to gather
back to the apostles and encourage them
the other verses say before that
I want you to know that Jesus though
he was a perfect man the son of god
He also needed comfort and for
that now yes read the verse says
Then an angel appeared to him from
sky strengthened him so that in this
case the angel strengthened Jesus this is
so that with these examples and
many more than there are in the bible you will give
realize that everything the angels do
is in favor of God's purpose as
describe the original words in
Hebrew and Greek for angel they are
messengers because they carry a message of
salvation in favor of the people and today
It is evident that they are also helping
the servants of God to do the work more
important the preaching of the good
new all over the world
and thank you very much for the explanation
everything has been very clear
taste when you want we can analyze
another issue if you allow me